---
title: Principles
---

<button onmouseover="PlaySound('totop1')" onmouseout="StopSound('totop1')" onclick="window.location.href = '/principles-zh/';" class="zh">点此转至中文页面</button>

---

# Design and Management Principles

A brief introduction to the design and management principles of SCP-079 series bots, this list of principles may change in the future.

## Evidence Priority Principle

For bots with anti-spam functionality in groups, if a message involves blocking and updating the user's score, all its actual operations (delete, ban, score) can only be executed if the evidence is successfully forwarded. If the target message has been deleted (for whatever reason), the robot should not continue to do anything with the user associated with the message. However, in order to prevent evidence from being updated insignificantly, it is necessary to avoid repeated forwarding when the same user triggers the same category of operations of the same bot in the same group.  It is recommended that the interval of such evidence forwarding be 10 minutes.

The operation under the group's custom rules and not involving ban and scoring is not subject to this principle, but evidence forwarding may be performed as appropriate to find the judgment errors generated by the bot automatically processing.

Messages (contact cards, location, round video, voice) that may be related to privacy, as well as messages (games, service messages) that cannot be forwarded to the channel by bots, are not subject to this principle.

The removal of user and scoring operation caused by the group CAPTCHA is also not subject to this principle because there is no evidence to forward.

## Hard Core Interaction Principle

Any operation that interacts through a button must have its corresponding mode of operation that achieves the same effect only through text commands. SCP-079-CONFIG robots are not subject to this principle.

## Minimum Data Principle

The storage period of normal data should generally be 24-48 hours, and the blacklist storage period should be within 1 month. For group settings, group administrator list, whitelist, model, regular library, and messages already sent in the channel, their storage period is not limited by this principle.

## All Operations Can Be Checked Principle

This principle includes four aspects: the bots operations can be checked, the group management operations can be checked, the project management operations can be checked, and the channel operations can be checked.

Bot operations can be checked: all deletion, ban, and data exchange records of the bot must can be checked and the relevant information can be fully displayed. However, in order to prevent records from being updated insignificantly, it is important to avoid repeated recordings when the same user triggers the same category of operations of the same robot in the same group. It is recommended that such records be separated by 10 minutes.

Group management operations can be checked: Group management operations that may affect the user's score must can be checked, such as the /ban command, and the bot should forward relevant evidence information. The cross-robot operations via SCP-079-CONFIG must also can be checked.

Project management operations can be checked: All bots must unconditionally ignore any private chat messages (except SCP-PM-079), including private chat conversations between project administrators and regular users (while taking into account malicious abuse of private chat conversations). The project administrators can only manage a certain robot in the corresponding management group. All the response messages generated by the management operations must be attached with the administrator's personal ID for query. In each project management group, there is no administrator except the group owner itself.

Channel operations can be checked: all public channels must open the message signature to avoid the sent message can't be traced back to the real individual. Once the robot publishes a message on the channel, it cannot manually or automatically delete or edit the message by any means unless it involves personal privacy and hazard information, or it is unblocked, clarified, indexed, or deleted by MANAGE.

Additional notes: Some channels such as SCP-079-EXCHANGE and SCP-079-WATCH belong to the project private channels. Except for the internal staff of the project, these channels are only opened to supervisor observers, witnesses, and anti-spam partners. We will review the identity of the person who applies to join the channels and make a [public list](/transparency/).

## Selection Principle

The group using the bot should understand and have the willingness to adopt the rules and functions of the specific bot; the project team should review the group's application and check if the bot is suitable for the group before agreeing to apply. When all bots join a normal group, the authorization must be verified, i.e., the group can only be invited via SCP-079-USER.

## Silence Principle

The message sent by the bot in the normal group should only be sent when it is really necessary. During the design process, efforts should be made to reduce the frequency of the bot's messages in the normal group. In addition, except for messages sent by SCP-079-TIP and SCP-079-WARN, the messages sent by the bots in the normal group must not exist exceed 5 minutes.

## Worst Estimation Principle

The scenarios covered by this principle may include: server downtime, data loss, exchange channel failure, internal personnel's disruption.

Solution prepared with reference to these scenarios: SCP-079-BACKUP project. Prepare the BACKUP bot, which is located on a different server than the main bots, and periodically receives backup files of all bots every day, downloads and stores them to the appropriate location. At the same time, since other bots transfer backup files through the exchange channel, the data naturally gets an extra backup in the channel.

Hourly BACKUP will check the online status of each bot. If there is any bot down, the SCP-079-MANAGE group should be provided with a button for the administrator to enable a copy of the bot on the backup machine.

Also prepare the SCP-079-HIDE channel, which is used to automatically switch channel as a backup after the original EXCHANGE channel has failed for some reason.

Deliberate storage data loss caused by internal personnel can be restored by backup; internal personnel maliciously add whitelist, which can be reset by backup; forged messages in the EXCHANGE channel sent by internal personnel can be checked by the signature of channel messages within 48 hours; the damage caused by internal personnel to the server and backup site can be recovered by the open source code and the data stored in the exchange channel.

<audio src="/audio/door/dooropenpage.ogg" autoplay></audio>
